[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: We
have a real treat today,
as Paola Harris joins us
with extremely rare photos
from the collection of
the late Wendelle Stevens.
Paola is one of the
rare UFO researchers.
She's modest, and makes no
claims over others, rather,
relentlessly moving ahead in her
boots on the ground research.
This dedication has put her
in rarefied circles of trust
with real contactees,
real witnesses.
And she has loads to
share with us today.
I have never seen some
of these images before,
so I'm really excited.
And thank you for
sharing them here
on this show, because
this is a real treat.
I said that before,
and I really meant it.
>>PAOLA HARRIS: Yeah.
Well, you know, some of the
images come from Italy, too.
And a lot of people have trusted
me with these amazing images.
And I share them
in my presentations
that I'm doing now.
Yeah.
I'll be speaking--
>>REGINA: And people go nuts
over your presentations.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, because
it's real material.
It isn't hypothetical.
It's real material.
>>REGINA: Well, OK.
So we have to get into
this right up front,
to set the groundwork
for this conversation.
I've known you for years, right?
>>HARRIS: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: And you used to
say, psh, contactees, right?
You know, you kind of,
if you couldn't touch it,
if it didn't have metal or some
kind of military story to it
that had been documented, you
weren't really that into it.
You were thinking a lot of
people were kind of loopy
and making things up.
That's not the case anymore.
Something has taken
you over into the field
of consciousness and contact
around the UFO story.
>>HARRIS: Well,
consciousness is the light
at the end of the tunnel of
the nuts and bolts research
I was doing, because I
started with Allen Hynek,
putting pins in maps.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HARRIS: And then I didn't
care what was inside the craft.
I just was reporting data.
And we have enough data.
So I had to graduate
to graduate school.
This is graduate school.
Consciousness and contact
is graduate school.
And for me, it happened
to me in very weird ways,
because I began
working in Italy,
because I was in Italy
from 1992 to 2007.
I had lived near Rome,
near the Vatican.
And so I began doing
stories in Italy.
And you'll see some of
the images from those.
And those contactees trusted
me with these Polaroids
of these beings on ships.
And then I came back
to the United States,
and I said, well, if there's,
like, human-type beings that
are visiting people
in Italy, there
must have been human-type space
people visiting people here
in America.
And I had to go way back
to the Giant Rock days,
to Adamski, to Menger, to George
Van Tassel, to Robert Short,
to all those people.
And then that's when I got
these incredible photos
from the Wendelle Stevens
archive, of Menger
with these Venusians.
And then, so I said,
where'd they go?
All these people in the
'50s and '60s, what?
Did they all go home?
Because now our field is
only abductions, only little
Grey aliens, only
cartoon-like situations.
>>REGINA: A less
elegant turn was taken.
Yeah.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
And it was done, I
think in the '60s,
with the Betty and Barney
Hill abduction case.
But it was very convenient
for the managers
of the UFO phenomenon, because
that keeps people under fear.
And you can't bond
with a clone, which
is an extraterrestrial
biological entity, as Colonel
Corso told me.
You can't bond.
But with these people,
with these space people,
you can invite
them to Starbucks.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HARRIS: And if we start
empathizing and feeling like
God created people
on other planets,
it really runs contrary
to whoever is managing--
and I'm not going to
use the word government.
I don't think the government
is managing this--
who's managing the
disclosure of UFOs.
>>REGINA: And managing public
perception toward an end.
Like you say, there was a
distinct turn that happened
from what was
essentially friendly,
kind of Earth-friendly
messages--
>>HARRIS: Space
brother movement.
>>REGINA: Space brother--
even human-like entities,
attractive human-like
entities, as you say,
to Mantis entities
to Grey entities--
>>HARRIS: To Reptilian--
>>REGINA: To
Reptilian entities--
>>HARRIS: [INAUDIBLE]
>>REGINA: --and I mean, really,
to the dark side of the UFO
phenomena.
I'm not saying the other
entities don't exist.
But what happened as a directive
to shift our focus away
from the positive
to the frightening?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
And I'm going to add that
I was very close to John
Mack, of Harvard University.
>>REGINA: Yes, we all love him.
>>HARRIS: I love the man.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: And he
told me that the DNA
harvesting and that
program had ended in 1994.
So I'm wondering why in the
world we're still on that
and we can't get past that.
So what I've learned in Latin
America, in Argentina, Peru--
I've been to Chile.
I've been to Colombia.
What I learned there
was much more solid
information about who is
really visiting the planet now,
and why.
>>REGINA: Are you going
to share that with us?
[LAUGHTER]
>>HARRIS: I knew you
were going there.
>>REGINA: Well, it would
be irresponsible of me
not to ask that question.
>>HARRIS: OK.
Well, the thing is that
after I did all the research
on the Giant Rock
group and I brought
Robert Short back to Giant
Rock to do channeling--
and I'll talk about
that in detail,
because I think
everybody should know
that those people that were
early contactees really
had it right--
then I started going to Latin
America, to Sixto Paz Wells.
And all the followers
of Sixto Paz,
and that's Enrique Villanueva--
I think you've had
him on the show--
and Ricardo Gonzalez, and--
>>REGINA: All lovely men.
I've met all of them.
They're delightful.
>>HARRIS: And Luis Mostajo
Maertens and just those--
I did six interviews on
Skype with an interpreter,
because it's very difficult,
because I don't speak Spanish.
But I need to know.
I needed to know what they saw
and what the messages were.
So what had happened
is, I got the--
and they're on my
YouTube channel,
all these Spanish Latin
American contactees.
>>REGINA: Is it paolaharris.com?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: YouTube channel?
>>HARRIS: Yeah, under
the YouTube Channel.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: And what they told
me was that in the 1970s,
Sixto Paz went into
the Chilca Desert,
and with automatic writing,
was able to have contact
with witnesses, 100 witnesses,
because they camped out there.
And the beings would
give them precise times
that the craft would land.
And they were all
young boys at the time.
I even interviewed
Sixto's brother, Charlie,
who has transgendered
into Veronica Paz Wells.
But I got two witnesses
of that group that told me
that the beings would be
at the door of the craft
and invite these
young boys to come in.
That's unbelievable.
And that the message
was that they
were wanting to make contact
with the Latin Americans.
Today, 2014, when I went to
Chile with Ricardo Gonzalez
and he had contact, the
message was ecological.
The message that Ricardo got
from those beings on that ship,
those beings from
Apu, was that we would
have a problem with water.
So here we are in
2015, in Atacama,
in the Atacama Desert of
Chile, and they're telling us
we're going to have
a problem with water.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
>>HARRIS: Well, water,
we had three hurricanes,
major hurricanes--
rain constant, an
imbalance in the planet.
So if anybody out there is
wondering what the messages are
today, they are no
longer nuclear power,
even though I think they're
worried about our capability
of destroying ourselves.
The messages are
heavily ecological.
>>REGINA: OK.
And that's fair enough.
And that's been going on,
actually, for quite a long time
now.
So it begs the
question-- also, we
have these amazing
photographs that are new.
Some of them are new to me.
I've seen quite a lot,
but not some of these.
Who was Wendelle Stevens?
And how does he factor
into this story,
and his archive which was sought
after as rarified material?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
Wendelle Stevens was, I
think, the best researcher
in the whole world.
And I have photos of him.
But I also interacted with him
at the Laughlin Conference.
But you know, Wendelle Stevens
researched the whole thing.
He was the only one that brought
international people here.
He would go to South America.
He would go to Italy.
He would go to different places.
So what's important
about the archive
that I have is the Howard
Menger photos and the Val Thor
pictures.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: Because
what you'll see
is that I began doing research
on August Roberts, who
was the photographer on the
Howard Menger gatherings.
Howard and his first wife,
Rose, they would hold court.
And they would have 100
people in their orchard.
And what would happen, on
one particular occasion,
he told August Roberts--
I have the audio tape of that--
there's going to be
three people there that
are not from this planet.
And August Roberts
later said in the tape,
I didn't know who they were,
but they were overdressed.
>>REGINA: For a picnic.
>>HARRIS: For a picnic.
And not only that, they looked
like actors from Hollywood.
So there's a--
>>REGINA: Well, let's take-- we
can take a look at some of them
right now.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So here they are.
And tell us who the
three of them are.
And identify, besides Valiant
Thor, who the others were.
>>HARRIS: Well, Valiant Thor
is sitting on the outside.
And there's his brother, Don.
And then there's Jill.
And Jill, I guess, from
the book, "Stranger
in the Pentagon," is one of the
commanders of a ship, his ship,
Victor One, which is supposedly
parked at Lake Mead in Nevada.
So here are these photos.
Some of them are color and some
of them are in black and white.
But one of the
slides that I have
is the letter from August
Roberts, who took these photos.
And he said, these people were
different from the other people
there.
So I think this is--
>>REGINA: I mean, a lot
of people look at this
and say, well, they just
look like handsome people
overdressed for a picnic, right?
A lot of people.
>>HARRIS: It is, except
that you have to take
the testimony of Howard Menger.
And Howard Menger, High
Bridge, New Jersey,
was the East Coast
version of Adamski.
And basically, Howard Menger--
>>REGINA: Let's talk about
this, because some people
don't know--
I mean, I have done
a couple of shows
that included Adamski in them.
But I think it's fair
to set it up again,
who Adamski was, because
we're going to be looking
into his photos as well,
and also who Menger was,
and some of the chief
characteristics of him
that made him different.
>>HARRIS: OK, well,
Adamski was, in 1952,
had an incredible encounter
in Desert Center with a human
being from Venus named Orthon.
And it is provable.
I've also left you some
photos of his plaster
casts of his feet.
And you need to go
to Glenn Steckling,
to Adamski Foundation, because
he's kindly provided those.
And when a being
comes off a ship
and there are two sets of
plaster casts of his feet,
and there's six witnesses--
I think they were six-- and
the plaster casts were made
by George Hunt Williamson--
>>REGINA: But what was unique
about the plaster casts?
>>HARRIS: Well, because
there's markings
on the soles of the shoes.
>>REGINA: OK.
OK.
So just that they existed.
>>HARRIS: The markings on
the soles of the shoes.
I mean, they're
different markings
on either sole of the shoe.
And you know, it wasn't
only that that happened,
at that particular-- this
is November 20, 1952.
OK?
With all those witnesses.
Not only that, but Adamski had
given, upon request, to Orthon,
a glass plate, because
they used to do photographs
on glass plates in those days.
And it was returned
on December 13,
with all these
hieroglyphic-type writing on,
that then they did research
on later in Brazil,
and found out that that was
a symbol or kind of writing.
So what happened is you
have real artifacts.
You have his shoes.
You have six witnesses.
And you have this glass plate.
So the Adamski story has
been totally dismissed.
>>REGINA: I know.
That's-- I found that--
I feel about him like
I felt about John Mack,
that there was something
that was true and elegant
about George Adamski.
And he invited people
to ask questions,
to try to tear apart
what he's saying,
to try to disprove
what he's saying.
He would even offer
people money to find out
if there was an
alternative answer that
might have been more powerful
than what was shared with him.
He really tried to
put it to the test.
>>HARRIS: Well,
what contactee has
physical evidence like he had?
You know, and not only
that, he had a mandate.
And the mandate was
to go around the world
and talk to different
heads of state
and Pope John XXIII,
who gave him a medal--
I've seen the medal-- and tell
him that we are on a time line
where we can make money
going into outer space
with a space economy,
because he talked to John F.
Kennedy about this, or we have
to stay with the war economy.
But if we do, we have
to create the wars.
>>REGINA: That was right on.
>>HARRIS: So you have
points in a timeline.
And I believe we're
at one right now,
because I believe that
we have that choice now,
where you can go in.
And we have it with the
privatization, with SpaceX,
with the privatization--
>>REGINA: Yeah, we're
going to talk about that
and show some recent film.
>>HARRIS: Well,
we had that, where
we can actually go
into outer space
and create a whole economy.
But you not only
create an economy.
You get to meet
the space people.
OK?
So that's the extra
added attraction.
Because you get off this planet.
You have an economy that will
take you to other planets.
Or you've got to stay with
what we started in the 1950s,
with the military
industrial complex.
>>REGINA: A destructive war
economy that serves only a few.
>>HARRIS: And the only
way that you could do that
is by pouring money
into conflicts.
And I don't want that anymore.
And I don't know
what people want.
>>REGINA: No, I think
everybody watching
this is going to say
they're done with that.
>>HARRIS: No.
>>REGINA: So he
was 50 years ago,
trying to give a
heads up, that this
was going to be a choice point.
We made the choice point.
>>HARRIS: We made it.
>>REGINA: Now we're
standing-- and it
went into the war economy.
And then people like him,
his voice was shut down.
He was virtually relegated
to total obscurity,
for the most part.
>>HARRIS: And also, criticism
from our own people.
But he's buried in
Arlington National Cemetery.
Explain that to me.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
explain that one.
You know, it's fascinating.
And he was an unusual person.
I remember this one
thing about him,
when I think I was talking
to Glenn Steckling,
is that he didn't
have a belly button.
>>HARRIS: No, he didn't.
He had--
>>REGINA: He was a
different kind of person.
>>HARRIS: He had a star
symbol, 6-inch raise coming out
of his belly button.
And not only that,
but Glenn actually
said that the Star People
would come into the house,
that they looked like
young, blonde men who
were wearing suits.
Again, they were wearing suits.
And they would accompany
George on his lectures,
especially in Germany.
They'd get into the car.
And I was going, you
see these people?
And he goes, yeah,
they're people.
They're people, regular people.
And they come from--
well, what got
me was that they said
they came from Venus.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HARRIS: So then I had to look
at Eugenio Siragusa, who said
his people came from Venus.
Then I had to look at Howard
Menger on the East Coast
that said that the people
he met came from Venus.
And then you have to look at
the story of Elizabeth Klarer
in South Africa, "Beyond
the Light Barrier,"
who also met human-type aliens.
And I'm not going to say
that they're Nordics,
because we have this
very bad habit of shoving
57 different races--
Clifford Stone told me,
into Nordic,
Reptilian, and Grey.
>>REGINA: Right.
Exactly.
>>HARRIS: So I
mean, these people
say they come from Venus.
And the Clarions say
they come from Clarion.
And people come from Sirius.
And Ricardo said
they come from Apu.
You've got different people,
who are not all Nordic,
coming from different places.
>>REGINA: But these
are humanoid entities.
>>HARRIS: They're people.
>>REGINA: Yeah, they're people.
>>REGINA: Human
entities, or people.
And so one of the things
I think that I found
so fascinating, just
about-- and we'll hop over
to the East Coast and Menger,
but about Adamski's work,
was the information
he left behind,
that Fred Steckling documented,
showed what it looks like,
in a culture that has
overcome the adversity of war
in this case, which is the
way that Adamski was shown
the life on Venus, for example,
the social structure of Venus.
And so it almost was
laying a template
for what we could aspire
to as human beings.
And I found it really
quite beautiful.
I mean, certainly not only
was there nothing threatening
about it, it was beautiful.
But beyond that,
the technology that
was explained to him about
how interstellar space
travel actually
works, these rivers
of energy that our
world of science
is just now beginning
to discover,
and they just laid
it out for him,
essentially in
English, or at least
it was translated
into English, has
been there for the last 50 years
for anyone with eyes to see.
And we've ignored it.
>>HARRIS: We have.
And you know, some of the
images you're going to see
are the Adamski craft, with
the energy balls underneath.
But those aren't
just photographs.
There's movie footage of that,
of this craft coming down.
And--
>>REGINA: No one has said that
these pictures are adulterated.
>>HARRIS: No, but they
couldn't have been.
They were 1952.
Photoshop started in 1992.
>>REGINA: I know.
But people, when they're
first exposed to this kind
of imagery, say, oh, well,
that's got to be faked somehow.
You know?
>>HARRIS: But they're not basing
their opinion on any analysis.
>>REGINA: No, they're not.
They're not.
>>HARRIS: And for me,
opinion isn't research.
Just like, and I'm going to
go really fast into this, just
like the Billy Meier case.
I went to Switzerland.
I've seen Billy Meier.
I saw the movies of the craft
underneath the highways.
So you know, Wendelle
Stevens, who did
that, I trust Wendelle Stevens.
He did that case.
Explained how when he
was Meier's chalet, how
he could see Meier
walk out the door
and his footprints
disappeared in the snow.
So we have real positive
testimony of great researchers
who have done that case.
And the excuse is, the
pictures are too good.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And the thing is,
I think we have
to take into consideration,
like we talked about,
George Adamski not
having a belly button.
He's a different entity.
That these entities have chosen
to incarnate here specifically
for the purpose to act as a
bridge between other cultures
of human beings
on other planets.
And you know, another thing
I think that was explained
in Steckling's books was that--
and I think this came from
Adamski--
is that there were
something like 400,000
different human frame.
This is the preferred vehicle
for sentient, conscious beings
throughout the universes.
>>HARRIS: Right.
>>REGINA: Not only are we
not the only human beings.
He said, I think, 400,000
other planets, at least,
had this kind of body.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, people.
>>REGINA: People.
Had people.
>>HARRIS: Had people.
They had people on them.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: And
Monsignor Balducci,
who was a good friend of mine--
>>REGINA: Monsignor
Balducci, yeah.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
He used to say, well,
you know, it's normal.
He said, God didn't just
create us on this planet
to look like this.
He created people
on all the planets.
And then he added, he
said, in the Bible,
Christ is called the King of
the Universe, not the King
of Planet Earth, 66 times.
He counted them-- 66 times.
So for me, apart from
my doing the research--
and I have to do
the research here.
Hearsay isn't enough for me.
>>REGINA: No, you
go on location.
>>HARRIS: I go on location.
I have to see the photos.
I have to see the
analysis and so forth.
It's just logical.
>>REGINA: Of course
it's logical.
>>HARRIS: It's logical.
>>REGINA: Well,
still, it's logical,
but it's still
titillating to people
who are starting to get
comfortable with this idea.
And the pictures that
we're showing today
are giving proof
of these entities.
And although we
may all be people,
there are slight differences,
oftentimes, in our appearance.
Like you say, you can be a
little taller, a little paler,
a little bluer, a
little larger-eyed.
>>HARRIS: Have
different kind of skin.
>>REGINA: Have
different kind of skin
and so forth, for the
atmosphere, wherever you live.
>>HARRIS: Right.
>>REGINA: And so let's
go from George Adamski--
not George Adamski,
but go back to Menger
and what was happening there.
>>HARRIS: Menger, poor Howard,
he got so much slack from
the government, because--
>>REGINA: Because he featured
the Venusians, Valiant Thor?
>>HARRIS: No, because
they would come in.
They would come in
the back of his house.
And I really want to go to
High Bridge to see that house.
And he'd have the FBI agent
there when they would come in.
He's got photographs
of these people.
But the problem with--
and you will see them
in the photographs,
because you'll see Menger
and his second wife, Connie,
in the orchard-- is that
when these beings are
in the photograph and he's
got his arm around them,
they appear as pure light.
>>REGINA: Yes, that
was interesting.
It's like, whoa.
That's a little kind of
anomaly, a little bit
of flash coming into the
picture from elsewhere.
But that form was where
a person was standing.
>>HARRIS: It was a person
that was standing there.
All you see is their aura.
But since they can bilocate
and since they can transport
themselves-- because
he had a situation--
if you read "From
Outer Space to You,"
he had a situation where
they would appear in the ship
and then they would appear
in his yard right away.
This kind of change--
>>REGINA: Kind of
bilocation, yeah.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
This kind of bilocation
is going to be
tricky to take
photos of the people
if they are actually
able to do that.
But you have another
historical photo,
in that the government said,
for national security purposes,
deny your story.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HARRIS: Well, deny your story.
And he was also sick
and tired of people
coming to his
backyard to be healed,
because when we have contact,
we create a religion out of it,
or a cult. And they
go to the contactee,
and then they ask to be healed.
And they follow them around.
And they become a guru.
And you know how
this whole thing--
>>REGINA: People can't
help give their power away.
That's a problem on our planet.
That's what we've
been taught, is
to give all of our personal
authority and power away.
So we'll follow anything.
>>HARRIS: That's
exactly-- you know,
and that's the big tragedy.
They say, why don't
they land and help us?
And we create another religion.
But anyway, he did
deny it, his story,
even though he worked
in Colorado Springs
on propulsion system.
Didn't realize that.
He worked for the government.
But there is a photo,
which is historic,
from the Wendelle Stevens
archive, of his standing
at the University of Colorado
in 1969 with his book
open in front of Edward Condon,
that was the Condon Committ--
>>REGINA: Condon Report.
>>HARRIS: The Condon Report.
So if he was not real--
>>REGINA: Why were
they talking to him?
>>HARRIS: Why were they talking?
He's there wit his wife,
Connie, opening the books,
showing Condon
that this was real.
>>REGINA: And quickly explain
the Condon Report, just
in a flash here, in
30 seconds or less,
so people know what you're
talking about-- context.
>>HARRIS: OK.
The Air Force had a
special study group.
And they commissioned
Edward Condon,
at University of Colorado, to
study all the cases, including
the Malmstrom Air Force case.
And Condon came up
with this report
that was really a whitewash.
Everybody was very angry,
including my friend, Allen
Hynek, that it was
a whitewash, that
said there was nothing to this.
And that report, I
think, is in the library.
And he was a debunker.
He was hired to
say these things.
But that--
>>REGINA: And that became
the official report.
>>HARRIS: Yes,
from the Air Force.
From the Air Force.
>>REGINA: From the
Air Force, right.
>>HARRIS: From the Air Force.
>>REGINA: So there you go.
That's how that thing works.
And we kind of know--
I think one thing I like about
the "Incident in Rendlesham
Forest," Pope's book, is that
it's the anatomy of a cover up.
So anyone that says, well, if
this stuff is true, how come we
don't know about it?
I always recommend
they read that book,
because you can see from
the time of the incident,
in Britain, all the way through,
where the cover up started,
who gave who the orders, where
things started disappearing.
Then the photos are gone.
Then they said don't
do this interview.
And all the data starts
changing until lips are zipped.
The whole thing's been
erased, until now.
Now we have this huge
pouring forth of information
in the last decade
on all these affairs.
>>HARRIS: Well,
you know, that is
an important case,
because with the '50s,
the warning was nuclear.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HARRIS: OK.
So what we're dealing
with, my research,
is that sightings are over
nuclear installations.
And then Rendlesham had
that nuclear arsenal there
that nobody knew about
in Great Britain,
and said the UFO is shining
a light on that thing.
And so I always say
to people, look.
Whatever is visiting
or whoever is visiting,
it's not on vacation.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HARRIS: They're giving
us a specific message,
or they're showing
us our insanity.
And there is still hope that
we can grow up and become
a very enlightened
civilization, because they
care, because there are
people out there that
look at this planet, this
gorgeous planet, and say,
give them a chance.
Give the humans a chance.
>>REGINA: Well, and
that's something--
I've spoken at StarWorks
USA, your conference.
And you know, a lot of people
responded to that talk,
because they were
sensing something
that fit the way they feel
about themselves in there.
And if that story, that
rendering of our human origins
is true, which I would
encourage anybody
can look at, thanks to you.
They can go to
reginameredith.com
and they can see
that talk, so they'll
know what we're
talking about here.
This traumatic origins
of the human being,
where we are these incredibly,
highly creative, highly
intuitive, ability to create
at the speed of thought,
beyond what a lot of these
visiting entities are,
at our core, it has
to be very challenging
for all these different
beings from other places,
these other human
species, to look at us
and say, when are they
going to remember?
This isn't a matter
about learning.
This is a matter of
simply remembering
what we are, because we're
a magnificent species.
>>HARRIS: Well, I'm on the
same wavelength, Regina.
You just went to
the bottom line,
and that is consciousness.
And you were absolutely--
everybody loved you.
The cheers when
you were on stage--
you opened that
conference, because that's
where my heart is right now.
And the only way I can reach
the maximum amount of people
is to be the producer of the
Laughlin Conference, which is
November 2 through 4 this year.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: And the
theme this year
is the return of
the Star People.
So basically it's
Native American,
and the aboriginal cultures
that had this in there.
>>REGINA: Because
we have to start
listening to all these
voices and giving them
all credibility.
It's all these little pixels,
these pieces in the mosaic,
that are going to come together
and kind of tile together
to create the big picture
for us in the end.
And again, to me, it's only
about remembering what we are.
And then when you tap into that,
this species is unstoppable.
But even so, they
say, people, wake up,
you're ruining your planet.
You're pooing in
your own nest, here.
This is not smart.
Don't shoot that
stuff up into space.
You've forgotten how
to use it wisely.
And really, they're like,
please let them wake up.
There are still things that
some of the other species
find intriguing about us
and beautiful about us.
And we rarely have that
reflected back to us.
>>HARRIS: Well, we live
in a chaotic world.
I just posted on
Facebook, I don't
know how we're going to
live through this insanity,
because logic does not reign.
Some of the things I've
been seeing are illogical.
If you have a sense of logic,
and I deal a lot with logic,
we live in insanity.
I'm trying to navigate
around all the insanity,
because it's not
making any sense.
But I have hope.
And we have to have hope.
So we'll go ahead
and go through this,
like they went through
it in the olden days,
because we have hope.
And there are a lot of
enlightened people out there.
>>REGINA: There are.
>>HARRIS: And I notice
even my own field--
and I'm very discouraged
about my own people,
because my own field has
become entertainment.
>>REGINA: Well,
it's not only that.
It's become-- people
have become kind
of part of a personality
cult, when they
used to be called researchers.
Ego has stepped in, people
putting down other people's
research and work.
It's become competitive.
And you don't engage in that.
>>HARRIS: No.
>>REGINA: And you're one of
the only females, and one
of the only people that
doesn't engage in that.
>>HARRIS: No, because
it's a waste of my time.
I know how they feel
though, because what
I've done, the field research,
the interview with Paul
Hellyer, that was
all nuts and bolts.
I mean, I had to pay for
that out of my pocket.
I've never been sponsored.
So my kids are going, Mom--
>>REGINA: Former minister
of defense, Canada.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, Canada.
And then I've interviewed,
goodness, Colonel Corso,
in my latest book,
"Conversations
with Colonel Corso."
>>REGINA: You know everybody.
>>HARRIS: Everybody.
I've interviewed people
all over the world.
My children are
saying, Mom, you've
made a decision to
spend your retirement
doing these things,
when you could
be sitting in the Caribbean and
enjoying your life somewhere.
>>REGINA: You?
No way.
>>HARRIS: And I go,
well, you know, I
don't think I have a choice.
I mean, you leave a legacy--
and you're leaving one
and I'm leaving one--
behind you when you choose
to incarnate on this planet.
And the legacy
I'm leaving I hope
is a scholarly one, because
all of my five books, all
of the interviews are
word-for-word audiotape
of what the people said.
So my great hope is, even
with these contactees,
here's the material.
Read it all.
Study it all.
Watch these shows,
like the ones like I--
>>REGINA: Decide where you
want to put yourself on it.
>>HARRIS: And decide
yourself what you believe.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>HARRIS: And so this is
how I used to teach school,
because you know I have
a master's in education.
I used to teach high school.
You decide.
You decide what makes sense,
what you can resonate with.
And then whatever happens,
you've made the decision.
And if you are
responsible, then you're
going to have to
change this planet,
because we're not on a really
good trajectory right now.
>>REGINA: No.
And once you know something,
you can't really erase it.
You can try to ignore it,
but that makes you ignorant.
And that's really kind
of-- if there's any sin,
it's to know something
and then choose
to ignore it, simply to go aside
or be without that knowledge.
And so that's a
good point you make.
Now, we have more images coming
up that we cannot ignore.
Once you've seen something,
you cannot unsee it.
>>HARRIS: Well, you
know, let's go to Italy,
because when I was
in Italy, I was
doing eye work for a magazine,
even now, called "X Times."
And it's Phoenix
Publishing in Rome.
And I went to interview
Maurizio Cavallo, who
was a follower of our
Adamski, Eugenio Siragusa.
In the '50s, Eugenio Siragusa,
on the island of Sicily,
met people in blue spacesuits
that were from Venus.
And you have some
slides of Eugenio
and the handshake, the
messages that we got, that we
are one family, one species.
And then in that,
the young boys,
just like the Sixto Paz
story, one of the boys
was Maurizio Cavallo.
And he's got startling eyes.
I have an image.
He became an artist later on.
And he had a contact
in 1980 with a group
of people from Clarion.
And he was allowed to take
Polaroid pictures of them
and keep them in a drawer.
So when I went to do the story--
this is the amazing part.
When I went to do the
story, I wasn't convinced.
So I went home.
>>REGINA: Well, most people
have never heard of Clarion,
to begin with.
So let's talk a little bit--
>>HARRIS: And I wasn't convinced
that they were people--
>>REGINA: --about
that background.
>>HARRIS: --that he went
on ship, that he actually
let me hear their voice, because
he had a tape recorder that
would go on by itself.
And their voices would be taped.
And he let me hear
the voices, which
is the same as the
Amicizia case, which
days of Robert Short
and Van Tassel in Giant
Rock, where they were talking
to these people on crystal
radios and on ham radios.
So in the old days,
the beings could talk.
And so what happened was
it took me three times
going to Vercelli
to do the story.
The third time, because
I wasn't convinced--
I don't just do a story.
The third time, he said to me,
you know, Paola, my contact,
Suell-- and you have
an image of him--
works in a bank in Rome.
And he picked me up in a car.
We went to a villa in Tuscany.
He said there were the beings,
beautiful looking beings.
The women were very beautiful.
Men looked like models, almost.
>>REGINA: Well, Venus
is known for beauty.
Even in our astrology of
Venus, it brings beauty.
>>HARRIS: Oh, I never
thought of that.
>>REGINA: It's about beauty.
>>HARRIS: I never--
>>REGINA: Beauty
and grace and love--
that is the frequency of Venus.
>>HARRIS: And so
these people were
growing their own
vegetables in this villa.
And I said, Maurizio, you
sat down with these people?
He said yeah.
He says, now, Paola, you've
come back three times.
He said, I'm going to
show you something I
haven't shown anybody, he said.
But, he said, Suell, my
contact 10 years ago,
said there was an
American journalist that's
going to come and see you.
We call her the bridge.
You can show her those photos.
And he said, I did
what I was told.
I kept them in a drawer.
And when he showed
me these pictures--
>>REGINA: And now we're
taking a look right now.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
I said--
>>REGINA: Tell us what we're
seeing in these photos.
>>HARRIS: You're seeing
different beings aboard ship.
He said it was a federation.
But so did Eugenio Siragusa
say that the visitations aboard
ship, there were
different types of peoples
from different planets that
had a mandate to come here
for various reasons.
And Suell and the
little Clarion girl
and a couple of
other of the beings
work among the regular people.
And--
>>REGINA: On Earth, you mean.
>>HARRIS: On Earth.
So you know, I'm going to
recommend a book called
"'We are Here!'
Visitors without Passports,"
by Michel Zirger,
that has all of
the documentation
of all these cases where these
beings are working among us.
And they do their like, stint
among us as like an internship,
and go back to their planet.
And this I'd never heard of.
And when he pulled out
the Polaroids, I said,
you couldn't have faked these.
They're all Polaroids.
And he said, yes,
these are Polaroids.
He said, and--
>>REGINA: We do see
some unique features
in the face of the
little girl, for example,
which we'll look at right now.
>>HARRIS: She's got bluish skin
and her ear is down to here.
>>REGINA: And
tiny, little mouth,
as though eating and
talking with your lips
aren't necessary.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
And also, there were
some hybrid Greys
that you're going
to see in there.
>>REGINA: And that's
what you often
see in renderings of
hybrids, human-Grey hybrids.
>>HARRIS: Right.
And there's a couple
of photos at them.
And then there were some
interdimensional people.
And there's one photo
that I didn't bring,
that the woman looks
like Grace Kelly.
But she also looks
like the woman that's
sitting next to Val Thor--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>HARRIS: --gorgeous,
beautiful, blonde lady.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HARRIS: And ask it--
and the people that
Billy Meier, you know--
the fact that they would be
Dean Martin's gold diggers, one
of the gold diggers from
Dean Martin's dancers,
that Billy would go and
find one woman and go--
I mean, he didn't
watch Dean Martin.
He lives in Switzerland.
He lives in Switzerland,
in [INAUDIBLE],,
in this little town.
But there was a photo
with the Billy Meier case
of a beautiful, blonde lady.
And it's OK.
I mean, we just have to
accept, there's people there.
>>REGINA: Well, let's talk
about Clarion, though.
The being from Clarion,
this federation
that met with them,
what was their story?
What was their message?
>>HARRIS: Well,
basically, the contacts
he had were in the French Alps.
He had movies.
So you know, I'm
watching all this.
This is a big story.
In fact, the Japanese offered
to buy Maurizio Cavallo's
Polaroids, and he said,
aliens are not for sale.
>>REGINA: Yeah, excellent.
>>HARRIS: They offered him
a great amount of money.
>>REGINA: Good for him.
>>HARRIS: But they did
invite him to Japan.
If you know that Japan
is taking the Billy Meier
case and all the medals and
everything, they bought that.
They brought Maurizio to--
we didn't do that.
Italy didn't do that.
They brought him to
Japan to testify.
The Japanese are really
interested in these cases.
And that's where, a lot of
times, this information goes.
The federation story
is a "Star Trek" story.
It's the "Star Trek" story.
It's all these different
peoples on a ship
to come on a field
trip, because I don't
think that Maurizio
told me they had
a specific message, except--
>>REGINA: Well, did they
have a specific task
in coming here and doing
their internship, so to speak?
What were they
looking to take away?
>>HARRIS: Well, they're looking
to take away how we live,
how we think, and
what our emotions are.
>>REGINA: Did they
say why they're
intrigued with this species?
>>HARRIS: It's just like we
would go and do anthropology
in another country or another--
I think they're all
cosmic anthropologists.
I think, basically,
they're watchers.
They're watching.
They're watching and waiting,
waiting for us to grow up.
But I think that's what
their primary function is.
And the fact that there would
be different species on a ship
is also from Eugenio Siragusa.
It's also from other cases that
I've studied that it isn't just
people from Clarion.
It's people from other star
systems that are coming here.
And Maurizio was just,
he was very clear.
He said, you know, these
people are telling me
that I'm connected with them.
So I said, well, then-- if
you look at his eyes, he--
some of these contactees--
>>REGINA: What were they like?
A dark blue, or something?
>>HARRIS: Maurizio's eyes
are a clear, liquid blue.
And he was also,
remember, he was
a follower of Eugenio Siragusa.
So a lot of these people,
when they're very young,
they are followers of a leader,
a master, a guru-type person.
Then they have contact--
>>REGINA: They're in resonance
by the time they're very young.
Yeah.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
And so the same with
Ricardo Gonzalez--
he was a follower of Sixto Paz.
Enrique was a
follower of Sixto Paz.
So what happens is they're
getting the information,
and then they
themselves have contact.
And in the case, and I should
go there, the case of Ricardo
Gonzalez, I had physical contact
with a 10-foot tall being
in Shasta because of him.
>>REGINA: Well, let's
look at this picture.
We talked about
this a little bit,
I think, when we did our last
show together, a year or two
ago--
right after it
happened, actually,
because you were still a little
rattled by the whole thing.
>>HARRIS: I'm very rattled.
I had post-traumatic--
I mean, you know,
I can do these
stories, but then--
>>REGINA: When it
happens to you,
it's a whole different deal.
>>HARRIS: When it happens to
me, it's a clash of dimensions.
It's a clash of
everything, I mean,
everything you believed
in, everything you thought.
But Ricardo had said that he
does program sightings, too.
If the craft appears in Shasta
at 9:33, it's there at 9:33.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And they'll share
that information.
I was out with Steven
Greer in the field,
and they'll let you
know telepathically
when they're coming
in and where.
>>HARRIS: I've been
with Steven, too.
He's amazing.
He's one of the people--
he, Grant Cameron, and
Colin Andrews, for me,
are among the
greatest researchers
also, because they've shifted
the consciousness component.
>>REGINA: Grant Cameron, yeah.
>>HARRIS: You know, they
went to consciousness.
They started in nuts and
bolts like me, and then--
>>REGINA: But there's
a theme that keeps
popping up here in your life.
And that is that you're
drawn into these stories
by way of trust.
It's that people
know to bring you in.
They know they can trust you.
And now let's go to Ricardo
and what happened with the man
from Apu.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
When I did Ricardo's
story, he was in Mongolia.
And he will be in Mongolia.
We had talked about
that, this year, again.
And he texted me and said,
Antarel wants to meet you.
And I thought, no, this
is just another example
of people who want publicity
and so forth and so on.
Plus, I don't care for--
there's no way that I
like to be uncomfortable.
And I said, I'm not doing it.
>>REGINA: You
don't like to camp.
You don't want to meet
any ETs personally.
>>HARRIS: No.
>>REGINA: You just want to
research them comfortably.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
And not only that, I said,
no, this is not good for me.
I don't think I want to do this.
And then he went to Malaga
and texted me and said,
we'll take care of everything,
but you must be there,
because you have an invitation.
Remember this-- when you
get an invitation, say yes.
OK?
So I said, OK, and I
didn't know what to expect.
And three days of camping in
this freezing cold weather,
I was in a one-man tent.
I didn't realize that you
had to bring your food,
so I had one apple
I cut in 16 pieces.
I lasted for three
days with one apple.
And then I couldn't wait
to go home at the end of it
even though it was
very beautiful.
We did a lot of meditation.
We recited a lot of
om, a lot of mantras.
It was very special.
>>REGINA: You tell them to
create a nice high frequency,
yeah.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, well
it's very important.
I didn't realize how
important the frequency
is for the coming of the craft.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>HARRIS: I didn't.
I see the mechanics of it now.
And you can't just go somewhere,
jump and yell and scream,
and say, come, because
why would they?
Why would they?
>>REGINA: Well,
sometimes they do anyway.
But you're making a
more favorable condition
for a prearranged meeting.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, because
they want to connect.
And I don't think they connect--
I think they connect
on another level,
a very spiritual
level or whatever.
They want to connect.
So in any case,
though, the last day,
the Sunday, I
couldn't wait to eat.
And all I could think
about was tortilla soup
that they were making.
And I could smell it.
And I was going, when's
this going to be over?
And he came over and he
kneeled down, and he said,
Antarel is in the forest.
Can you handle it?
And of course, I said, yes.
Here's where you say yes.
And I did hold the hands of
two other women, Mercedes
and Siapa.
And we did go to the forest.
And there's this 10-foot
tall man standing there
against a tree.
>>REGINA: And this
is this his face.
We're looking at his face here.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And we're
looking at the forest.
>>HARRIS: And he has
these almond-shaped eyes
and a long face.
I had another encounter
with him the following year,
so I saw the blonde
hair the following year.
But he was wearing a
hoodie the first time.
And basically, he was
speaking in a language
that I didn't understand, and
it sounded like a bullhorn.
And at the very end
of three minutes,
there I am at three minutes,
looking at this guy,
don't know what to do,
because there's no protocols.
And just nobody told
you what you had to do.
And he said, in a
robotic voice, thank you.
Turns around and walks
back into the forest.
Now, there were three
witnesses here--
three that went down and
two that were there--
my interpreter and
soul that were there.
And we all saw him.
And I don't know what to tell
people, except that there
was a reason for that.
It was an invitation.
It was a thank you.
And I think when things
like that happen,
there's a responsibility
to tell the world.
The one thing I didn't
want to be known as
is a contactee, because I'm
an investigative journalist,
very nuts and bolts.
But when I get told
by Maurizio Cavallo
that the ETs already know that
I'm coming 10 years earlier,
and that this is
all preprogrammed,
then I begin to
question my life.
I say, well, who's doing this?
I mean, where is
this coming from?
>>REGINA: Well, and I think
that you're always invited
in because you're very sincere.
You're without guile.
You're not part of
the ego structure
that's happening within
the ufology community.
And it's a very strong,
male-dominated, egoic
structure, which really has
kind of made me shy away
from a lot of it, because
now the stories are becoming,
like I said, a little
more distorted.
There's a lot more fear
being driven into the story.
So that's kind of where
I start to check out
of the whole thing.
But with what you're doing,
I'm always interested,
because there's a
kind of faithful
uplifting to the story.
Right?
>>HARRIS: There is.
You know, I've had to really
change my mind so many times,
Regina, because
I'm very logical,
and I'm very nuts and bolts.
I mean, I work with Hynek.
I mean, he's a scientist.
And for me to go this
road and to realize
that all of these things that
are happening in this field
are to bring us to a
higher consciousness--
and you're already there.
You were there years ago,
before I even touched this.
And that this is the key to
the human race, is graduating--
I call it graduating
to the next level.
That when people understand--
and this is why I
like Latin America.
And this is where I'm
working right now.
>>REGINA: OK.
So we had America
as one stage that
was happening pretty
heavily in the 1950s-- '40s,
'50s, and '60s.
>>HARRIS: Right.
>>REGINA: And then
there was a lot
of activity in Europe and
Britain that was happening,
Italy.
Those communities,
not so much Britain,
but Italy in particular,
really embraced the subject.
They had a great curiosity
and wanted to know more.
And at the same time, the
French, like 15 years ago,
they started
releasing documents,
classified documents.
>>HARRIS: They also had contact
in that book, "'We Are Here!'
Visitors without Passports'"--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HARRIS: --talks about
the French contacts.
And Michel, who is French--
he lives in Tokyo--
talks about contact,
regular ETs look like us,
being part of an
apartment condo in Paris,
and the people seeing these
people walk back and forth.
They were dressed a
little differently though.
He talks-- I always notice the
fact he said in the summertime,
they have these heavy
sweaters, and that you
could tell by their face
and their clear blue eyes.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: Yeah,
that their eyes are
one of the ways you can
tell that this person is not
from here.
>>REGINA: Well, and
interestingly, you
go to Britain and you go to
Germany, not so forthcoming.
But what happens when
you hop over to Russia?
The Russian people, prior
to the Russian Revolution
in particular, these
were very spiritually
open people that were aligned
toward accepting phenomena
and a really deep kind
of spirit in that way.
So the Russians even took
more of this information
to heart than we did.
>>HARRIS: Oh, absolutely.
Well, for them, also it's a
matter of national security.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HARRIS: So that
card, you can use
that to say UFOs
are real, that it's
important because of matters
of national security--
opens all the doors.
They don't care who's inside.
They care about two things--
national security and let's
copy the propulsion system.
>>REGINA: Right, exactly.
So it's a practical reason.
And then you jump over to
Asia over the last decade
and a half, two decades, and
you have an increased interest
on TV shows and all of that.
Right?
That's becoming a
little more open.
Even China's becoming more
open because of incidents
over the last few years
that you couldn't ignore.
>>HARRIS: Oh yeah.
They shut down the
Beijing airport 10 times,
and they say it's UFOs.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HARRIS: We had one
incident in Chicago,
and we're still not
talking about it.
>>REGINA: You know,
it's really interesting.
I mean, this country
is supposed to be known
for our freedom of speech.
And interestingly,
is probably the most
suppressed in terms of any kind
of alternative information,
to say nothing of
ufology and that field.
>>HARRIS: Well, I'm convinced
it's just not a priority.
I mean, even the disclosure
that happened right now,
and thank god for the
disclosure that happened right
now in the "New York
Times," but to me, that's
still about hardware.
That isn't about who's inside.
But it made me legitimate
with my own children.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HARRIS: After so
many years, and, Mom,
there's something to what
you're doing, because it
was in the "New York Times."
>>REGINA: I remember
when that came out,
around Christmas time, it
was on a Sunday morning.
No one's paying any attention.
I remember I picked
it up and thought,
it's happening, finally.
Posted it to Facebook,
and then pretty soon,
within 24, 48 hours, it
started making its way around.
And that was really one of
the first times in the US
that something was just
offered up for what it is.
And it offered faces we know,
like from Senator Harry Reid.
And anyway, people
who were actually
looking into research about
this phenomena and admitted it.
And I remember Harry Reid
said in that article,
he said, that's
probably the thing I'm
most proud of in
my entire career,
is that I actually got to
be part of this, trying
to figure out who
these other beings are
and what they're doing here.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
And that happened.
That little nugget
just happened.
I'm wondering what else is
going to come down the line.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>HARRIS: Because right now
it's cooled off considerably.
But you know--
>>REGINA: For one
moment, it was there.
>>HARRIS: For one
moment, we were credible.
We weren't crazy.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So I bring that up because
I'm kind of hopscotching
around the globe a bit.
You don't hear a whole
lot about Africa other
than the ancestral, passed-down
legends of the visitors.
>>HARRIS: Except, and I
did bring some images--
>>REGINA: Oh, did you?
>>HARRIS: --of Elizabeth
Klarer's story,
"Beyond the Light Barrier."
And she lived in South Africa.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>HARRIS: South Africa that
was British colonial dominated
at the time.
She was awarded by the
British government.
And she had not only a
relationship with this man, she
had a child by him.
>>REGINA: By one of the others?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
But it was a man.
>>REGINA: Yeah, a man man.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: That works.
It still works.
And it worked early
on in this planet.
>>HARRIS: I think so.
>>REGINA: On this planet,
there was that kind of--
I do believe there was
that kind of intermixing
that was going on very
early on, because this
was kind of a melting pot.
We call America a
melting pot today,
but wow, I think what
was happening back
in the truly ancient times was
even more interesting, in terms
of genetics and mixing blood.
>>HARRIS: Well,
yeah, the ancient--
all that is real.
I can't do that, because
that isn't my expertise,
so I don't jump there.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HARRIS: But for
instance, there
were giants on the island of
Sardinia, 15-foot tall people.
I saw the tombs, and
they have the bones.
>>REGINA: And in the American
Southwest, the same thing.
Photos have been taken of
these beings, these people.
And even in Ohio.
I mean, it's all over the world.
It's in Colombia.
It's everywhere.
>>HARRIS: If we could
get archaeologists,
if we could get scientists,
if we could get proper people
to discuss this in
a scholarly manner,
we would not be
considered crazy.
This would be a study.
And this is probably
the goal of my life,
to make this a serious study.
Stop playing around
with these silliness,
putting on t-shirts and these
tinfoil hats and having these
statues of Grey--
to me, that doesn't
make it a study.
I really think that--
>>REGINA: It makes
it a phenomenon.
That's all.
>>HARRIS: It makes
it entertainment.
>>REGINA: Yeah, entertainment.
>>HARRIS: Let's go have
some fun with our friends.
I really would love to hear
what the anthropologists think.
I would really love to hear
what everybody else thinks
in these different countries.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And this is where Klaus
Dona and his work--
Austrian man, Klaus
Dona-- comes in.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
I know him very well.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And he has his book.
I've forgotten the name of it.
It's sitting on my
bookshelf, but if you
look under the name Klaus Dona.
Some amazing
artifacts that he-- he
was an art curator
and museum curator.
And he started running
into this phenomena,
and has an incredible
collection of things that
really shouldn't be on Earth.
And he's taken them
to universities.
He's had them studied.
He's had pieces of beings
that are 23-, 24-feet tall,
studied by universities,
saying, yeah,
that appears to be a human--
and one piece I held
was an occipital bone--
a human occipital bone, except
this is a very tall person.
Right?
And so he is doing
his due diligence.
And there are others who
are doing this as well.
>>HARRIS: Erich von Daniken,
Klaus Dona-- there are people.
But it goes contrary to the
traditional anthropology.
>>REGINA: Yes, it does.
>>HARRIS: And this is a problem.
So what would happen?
And even the UFO phenomenon
and these beings being here
goes contrary to our history.
So everything would
have to be changed.
>>REGINA: Well, it's inevitable.
So, OK.
Now, we have another
photo of this--
Kinyo?
Is that his name?
>>HARRIS: Kenyo.
>>REGINA: Kenyo.
>>HARRIS: This is
the Amicizia case.
And this is the last
interview that I
did in Europe that was amazing,
with Gaspare de Lama at Lake
Como.
In 1956, a group of
beings that didn't say
where they came from
bonded with a group
of 10 Italians in Pescara
in the Adriatic Coast.
And they had a relationship
with these beings.
And Kenyo was 10-foot tall.
Some of the beings were small.
This is another
federation situation.
And this is called the
friendship case, the Amicizia
case.
>>REGINA: And this tall man
that's wearing a Hawaiian
shirt--
>>HARRIS: And Kenyo,
with curly hair, Kenyo.
And John Pedro-- and I've
heard his audio tapes,
because these beings would
speak on crystal radio,
or they would contact
the Italians that way--
spoke Italian.
And they would meet.
And they said to the 10
Italians that they chose,
this is an experiment
with friendship.
But the thing is, we have
this technology called Ureida,
which is called harmony.
You can call it
love if you want to.
If you start arguing
among yourselves
and there's disharmony
in you and your group,
we need to go home.
And so to me, that was very
interesting, because they have,
with their technology, they've
advanced their spirituality.
If they've got this technology--
and they called it technology,
called Ureida which
means harmony--
and then they can't
live among the Italians
because they're arguing
with each other--
>>REGINA: All the time.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
And I asked Gaspare,
I said, what
was the main purpose
of their being here?
And he goes, it's time
to end the separation.
He said, humanity
needs to come together.
And I said, how long did
this experiment last?
And he said 10 years.
And he said then
everybody got jealous,
because some people saw them,
some people talked to them,
and the other people didn't.
And he said they started
arguing among themselves
and the experiment ended.
And I said, isn't that sad?
Isn't that sad?
I said, you people--
he and his wife were
part of that 10 group.
By the way, these
beings were vegetarian.
I have to tell you.
They had a way of living.
And in Howard Menger's book,
the last 30 pages in the book
were how to keep
your blood alkaline,
because most of the diseases
are caused by acidity.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HARRIS: And I think
there's even pictures
that I brought of the
fruits and vegetables
these Venusians gave to Howard.
And I have photographs of the
laboratories he sent them in
to be analyzed in New Jersey.
>>REGINA: And what did it show?
>>HARRIS: It showed-- well,
I don't have the results.
I have the envelopes
that Howard put them in.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>HARRIS: But the book,
"From Outer Space to You,"
the last 30 pages is, look,
they want us to live longer,
because right now, our
diets, the way we live,
the stress level--
I mean, we shouldn't
be living to only 100.
>>REGINA: No.
>>HARRIS: The Clarion
people were 700 years old.
The Venusians said that
they were 600 years old.
>>REGINA: Well, we used to
be, once upon a time, too.
So we have, now, a
shortened lifespan.
Like I said earlier, it's
really about just remembering.
And that means
remembering all of it,
remembering the kind of
thoughts that are beneficial
and expansive to us,
the ability to connect
beyond the physical
and time and space,
the way to feed the body.
All of this just has
to be remembered.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
And--
>>REGINA: And we're on
our way there, I think.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
We're on our way there.
And I think that one of
the things-- and Ricardo
tells me this, too,
and so did Sixto.
You have to quiet
the mind so that you
leave space for those
people to talk to you,
because they will
give you the download.
But you can't do it
in a frenetic society.
You can't do it with
negativity around you.
And meditation is
very, very important.
That's not something
I do though.
>>REGINA: Quieting?
Because you don't
quiet the mind.
You're busy, busy.
>>HARRIS: I know.
And the last message
I got from Antarel--
and it was really funny.
I went back to Shasta
last year, and I said,
I'm not going back
in that forest.
And so I was with Ricardo, and
he said, Paola, he said, here,
use a handwritten
note in pencil.
Antarel-- this woman, Dr.
Rachel Smith, has a note for you
from Antarel.
And she didn't know I was
there, and she had never met me.
But Antarel got to her and
said, tell Paola Harris
that she's going to have
to start meditating,
because she can develop her ESP.
And tell Paola
Harris that we will
try to speak through her,
which is really interesting.
And then he put, and
there will be an article
that will come out this year.
>>REGINA: Well, girl,
start meditating,
because I know you pretty well.
And you are natively
quite intuitive.
You just don't even
think about it.
You don't give yourself credit.
So why don't you listen
to the 10-foot tall man
with the hoodie on?
>>HARRIS: Well, you
know, I always want to.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: And then you don't.
>>HARRIS: And then there's
10 things that come up during
the day that I don't get--
>>REGINA: OK, so don't start
texting at 7:00 in the morning.
There you go.
Put the phone away until
after you meditate.
OK.
>>HARRIS: I will make
a concentrated effort.
I can't tell people to do that
and then not do it myself.
So yeah, basically when I say
that if you quiet the mind,
you can get all messages
from all of these people,
then if I don't do it, I
don't practice what I preach.
>>REGINA: OK, so that's the
next level of your career.
OK?
>>HARRIS: OK.
>>REGINA: Promise?
>>HARRIS: Promise.
>>REGINA: Because I want to
hear what messages come through.
Paola, thank you so much.
It's always just absolutely
delightful being with you.
And the time rips by.
And thank you for sharing
these amazing photos with us.
>>HARRIS: Oh, you're welcome.
I enjoyed it.
>>REGINA: Again, you
can find out more
about Paola's conferences,
books, field trips,
and so forth, by going
to paolaharris.com.
She's a good one to be
connected with if you want
to dive deep into exopolitics.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]